Add `@join__implements` directive and allow `@join__type` without `key` (#14)
apollographql/specs-join: join.spec.md

##! @join__type

Declares that a type is known by a particular subgraph. Optionally, an entity key for the type on that subgraph may be specified.

```graphql definition
directive @join__type(
  graph: join__Graph!
  key: String
) repeatable on OBJECT | INTERFACE
```

> When this directive is placed on a type `T`, it means that subgraph `graph` contains a definition for type `T`.

Reviewer: i think the subgraph may not actually contain a definition?

```suggestion
When this directive is placed on a type `T`, it means that subgraph `graph` knows of `T`. That is, the subgraph contains a definition or extension for some type `T`.
```

If `key` is non-null, it means that subgraph `graph` MUST be able to:
- Resolve selections on objects of the given type that contain the field set in `key`
- Use `Query._entities` to resolve representations of objects containing `__typename: "T"` and the fields from the field set in `key`

:::[example](photos.graphql#Image) -- Using {@join__type} to specify subgraph keys

Every type with a {@join__type} MUST also have a [{@join__owner}](#@join__owner) directive. Any type with a [{@join__owner}](#@join__owner) directive MUST have at least one {@join__type} directive with the same `graph` as the [{@join__owner}](#@join__owner) directive (the "owning graph"), and MUST have at most one {@join__type} directive for each `graph` value other than the owning graph. Any value that appears as a `key` in a {@join__type} directive with a `graph` value other than the owning graph must also appear as a `key` in a {@join__type} directive with `graph` equal to the owning graph.

##! @join__implements

Declares that a type implements an interface in a particular subgraph.

```graphql definition

> directive @join__implements(

Reviewer: we could address https://github.com/apollographql/specs-join/issues/17 by expanding this to cover unions.

one option for doing that:

```graphql
directive @join__implements(
  graph: join__Graph!,
  interfaces: [String!],
  unions: [String!]
) repeatable on OBJECT | INTERFACE | UNION
```

Reviewer 2: Ok with that, but (and it's probably a typo but to make sure we're on the same page): we don't want to allow the directive on `UNION`, right?  The directive is applied on the type that "implements" another, but union cannot be part of other unions, nor implement interfaces.

  graph: join__Graph!
  interface: String!
) repeatable on OBJECT | INTERFACE
```

> When this directive is placed on a type `T`, it means that `T` implements the specified interface in subgraph `graph`. In that case, the referenced interface type MUST also be annotated with a {@join__type} with the same value of `graph` as this directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this directive is placed on a type `T`, it means that `T` implements `interface` in subgraph `graph`. The referenced interface MUST also be joined to `graph` with a {@join__type} directive.
```

> This information MAY be used by the query planner to optimize requests to the subgraph.

Reviewer: this strikes me as extraneous, and too vague to be useful.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer: (alternately, we could flesh it out and add a section on the kinds of optimizations we expect query planners to do with this information, but i don't think it's necessary)
